README.md, before:

[![CI](https://github.com/lf-lang/examples-lingua-franca/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lf-lang/examples-lingua-franca/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## 🛝 Lingua Franca Playground
Get to know the language and tinker with some example Lingua Franca programs!

### :rocket: Cloud-based dev environment
Spin up a fully configured dev environment in the cloud that start in seconds.
Any dependencies required for building or running any of the examples are preinstalled.
A web-based VS Code editor, preloaded with the Lingua Franca extension, is accessible through either **GitHub Codespaces** or **GitPod**. Simply click on either of the links below to get started.

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=477928779&ref=main&skip_quickstart=true&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fnightly%2Fdevcontainer.json)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/new#https://github.com/lf-lang/playground-lingua-franca/tree/main)

Once in Codespaces or GitPod, navigate to [./examples](./examples) and click on any of the `.lf` files to open them into your editor. To build and run, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select `Lingua Franca: Build and Run`.

#### :wrench: Alternate GitHub Codespaces configurations
The default Codespaces configuration installs the nightly-built version of the Lingua Franca toolchain and checks out our examples repository. Links to alternate configurations are available below.
 * [Nightly build](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fnightly-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json)  
 * [Stable build](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fstable-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json) 
 * [Latest from `master`](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fdev-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json)  

## 💻 Local dev environment
1. Clone this repo (`git clone git@github.com:lf-lang/playground-lingua-franca.git`)
2. Open with VS Code (`cd playground-lingua-franca && code .`)
3. Install the [Lingua Franca extension](https://github.com/lf-lang/vscode-lingua-franca) (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and enter `ext install lf-lang.vscode-lingua-franca`).

Once in VSCode, navigate to [./examples](./examples) and click on any of the `.lf` files to open them into your editor. To build and run, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select `Lingua Franca: Build and Run`. Note: You might need not install additional dependencies in order to successfully build some of the code you find in this repository.

Commit message:

Add link to setup-env.bash

README.md, after:

[![CI](https://github.com/lf-lang/examples-lingua-franca/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lf-lang/examples-lingua-franca/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## 🛝 Lingua Franca Playground
Get to know the language and tinker with some example Lingua Franca programs!

### :rocket: Cloud-based dev environment
Spin up a fully configured dev environment in the cloud that start in seconds.
Any dependencies required for building or running any of the examples are preinstalled.
A web-based VS Code editor, preloaded with the Lingua Franca extension, is accessible through either **GitHub Codespaces** or **GitPod**. Simply click on either of the links below to get started.

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=477928779&ref=main&skip_quickstart=true&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fnightly%2Fdevcontainer.json)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/new#https://github.com/lf-lang/playground-lingua-franca/tree/main)

Once in Codespaces or GitPod, navigate to [./examples](./examples) and click on any of the `.lf` files to open them into your editor. To build and run, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select `Lingua Franca: Build and Run`.

#### :wrench: Alternate GitHub Codespaces configurations
The default Codespaces configuration installs the nightly-built version of the Lingua Franca toolchain and checks out our examples repository. Links to alternate configurations are available below.
 * [Nightly build](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fnightly-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json)  
 * [Stable build](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fstable-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json) 
 * [Latest from `master`](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&repo=569082724&ref=main&devcontainer_path=.devcontainer%2Fdev-noexample%2Fdevcontainer.json)  

## 💻 Local dev environment
1. Clone this repo (`git clone git@github.com:lf-lang/playground-lingua-franca.git`)
2. Open with VS Code (`cd playground-lingua-franca && code .`)
3. Install the [Lingua Franca extension](https://github.com/lf-lang/vscode-lingua-franca) (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and enter `ext install lf-lang.vscode-lingua-franca`).

Once in VSCode, navigate to [./examples](./examples) and click on any of the `.lf` files to open them into your editor. To build and run, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select `Lingua Franca: Build and Run`. Note: You might need not install additional dependencies in order to successfully build some of the code you find in this repository. For more information, see the [setup-env.bash](./utils/scripts/setup-env.bash) script that we use to configure our Docker-based environments.
